Game Flow
  Game is broken into stages. Some stages are top-down 2D, some are side-scrolling platformers. All feature fantasy sci-fi combat.
  Each stage features several "floors", followed by a boss encounter.
  Each floor contains several encounters.
  After each floor is a rest / checkpoint.

Depleting Resources
  Most character classes have some kind of limited resource which depletes during encounters.
  Some one-off power ups will patially refill these resources.
  Rests partially refill these resources.

Rests / Checkpoints
  When reaching a checkpoint, the party's remaining resource percentage will be scored on a scale from 0% to 100%, but capped to the range 50% to 100%.
  The highest score achieved is saved on a per-character per-checkpoint basis.
  A substantial XP bonus will be awarded to each character based on how much their high-score increases.
  A party may start/restart a game from any checkpoint reached by any member of the party.
  When restarting in this way, the party's depletable resources will start out at a percentage based on the lowest high score for that checkpoint among the players in the party.
  A player who hasn't yet reached that checkpoint counts as a score slightly below the minimum possible score. 40%

Boss Encounters
  Uhh, they're boss encounters.
  Similarly to a regular checkpoint, all players present permanently unlock the next Stage.
  Substantial XP and loot bonus per character on their first time defeating each boss.

Classes
  Hunter
    General
      Primarily melee, but can eventually use some guns.
      Focus on kiting or blocking enemy attacks, timing, using hit-stagger to control mobs.
      HP partially refills after each encounter, but max HP decreases in proportion to the HP regained this way.
      Max HP is considered a depletable resource.
    Melee Weapon Types
      Saber
        Short range single target melee weapon.
        High damage / DPS.
      Dagger
        Short range single target melee weapon.
        Faster attack speed and recovery, but slightly lower DPS.
        (Some daggers trade very low fliching for higher DPS.)
      Sword
        Medium range, AoE strike.
        Slower, and lower DPS per target.
      Spear
        Longer range single target melee weapon.
        Slightly lower DPS.
      Poleaxe
        Longer range, AoE strike.
        Much lower DPS per target.
  Ranger
    General
      Primarily ranged, but can eventually use some melee weapons.
      Focus on careful aim and skill-shots. Must conserve ammo, and must judge the appropriate time to reload.
      The Ranger has a depletable resource: ammo Reloads.
      Starting the Reload channel consumes 1 Reload, and refills an accelerating percentage of the ammo on all equipped guns. Interrupted if damaged. Cannot move or fight while reloading.
      HP does not refill.
      HP is considered a depletable resource.
    Gun Weapon Types
      Each gun has an ammo limit, and cannot be fired when it is out of ammo.
      These per-gun ammo amounts refill after each encounter.
      Handgun
        High ammo, low damage, single target, aim assist.
        Easy to use, but low DPS.
        Damage falls off with distance above a medium limit.
        Good for making enemies flinch, which can be a good way to support the party.
      Sniper
        Low ammo.
        High damage beam for a split second.
        Does more damage the longer the same target is in the beam.
        Blocked by players.
      Arc Caster
        Low ammo.
        Fires a wide wave of plasma.
        Targets hit cast a shadow.
        Damage falls off with distance above a short limit.
        Damage does NOT scale with how much of the arc a single enemy absorbs.
      Chain Gun
        High ammo, higher DPS, single target. Some cone spread.
        Good flinching.
        Damage falls off with distance above a medium limit.
        Quickly depletes ammo.
        Lower damage per full-ammo-reload than a Handgun.
  Force
    General
      Primary magic-user, but can eventually use some weapons.
      Equips multiple spells, and must remember the rune sequence to cast them.
      Spells cost less MP if it has been longer since that specific spell was used.
      Substantially higher MP than an equivalent Hunter or Ranger.
      Fewer weapon equipment slots than other classes.
      Lower HP than other classes, but resistance to larger AoE attacks.
    Magic Weapon Types
      For the most part, Forces don't much use weapons.
      Humans are more able to use weapons than Elves are.
      Humans gain slightly increased MP based on the maximum number of spells equipped from the same element.
        Empty spell slots are considered to be the same element as ALL elements.
      Elves gain slightly increased MP for each different element equipped.
    Spells
      Fire
        May inflict burning -- and always does so against enemies for whom Fire is their lowest resistance.
        Generally higher DPS, but has FRIENDLY FIRE
        Caster is breifly immune to fire at the moment of casting.
        Firebolt
          Long range, aim assist, hits a short AoE line past the initial target.
        Flamestrike
          AoE rises from the ground beneath a target.
        Fireball
          Similar to firebolt, but strikes a large circle around the point of impact.
        Inferno
          Hits ALL targets except the caster. Reduced damage to players, and fully prevented by blocking.
      Lightning
        Accumulates static charge per hit, which has a chance to inflict a long duration stun based on the amount accumulated.
        Accumulates faster on enemies weak to Lightning.
        Deals increased damage to flying/aquatic/mechanical enemies.
        Mostly auto-aim spells.
        Lightning Bolt
          Sky bolt. Instant, always hits. Can hit multiple enemies if above/below.
        Chain Lightning
          Instant, strikes multiple targets. Limited total arc distance after the initial target.
        ???
      Ice
        Accumulates chill which will freeze upon reaching a certain total.
        No friendly fire, but allies block the attacks.
        Deals reduced damage and chill to aquatic targets and mechanical enemies.
        Frozen flying enemies take fall damage.
        Ice Beam
          Line from player. Channel. Deals cold damage to the nearest target within range and then stops.
          Pierces frozen targets.
        Frost Nova
          Quick, high-chill, but lower DPS.
          Circle centered on the caster.
        Hail
          Can be equipped as either a cone from the player, or as a sky-falling circle.
          Sprays bolts, which deal steady cold damage per second to everything being hit.
          Non-frozen targets block the spray.
        Flash Freeze
          Quick, single target, long-range, high-chill.
      Holy
        Very fast, easy to aim, but low DPS and flinch.
        Also includes healing spells
        Heal
          Heals one target player.
        Lifebind
          Heals one target player, and the caster.
        Prayer
          Heals one target player, and all players within an AoE around them.
        Lifewell
          Places a healing AoE zone under the target player.
        Renewal
          Heals the target over time.
        Mending
          Smart heal.
          Automatically heals the lowest-HP ally in range.
        Holy Bolts
          A channeled volley of up to four holy bolts.
          Consumes MP per bolt fired. First bolt costs more MP than the others.
          Damages an enemy, or heals a player.
          Overkill/overhealing will pierce.
        Sunlance
          Sky beam, single target, no-miss.
          Slight warning animation/delay before strike.
        Solar Flare
          AoE circle around player. Low damage, high flinch.
      Dark
        Instant death effects.
        Has a change to instantly slay.
        Death
          Darkness projectile.
          Increased slay chance versus living targets.
        Destruction
          Darkness sky-bolt.
          Increased slay chance versus mechanical targets.
        Doom
          No-miss.
          Triggers a countdown before death.
          Doomed targets explode dealing darkness damage in an AoE when slain before the timer expires.
          Explosions have FRIENDLY FIRE.
        Reap
          Marks ALL targets to explode dealing darkness damage in an AoE when slain.
          Explosions have FRIENDLY FIRE.
      Buff/Debuff
        Grants a temporary bonus lasting a limited time or until the end of the encounter.
        Affects the entire party.
        Effects stack from multiple casters, but scale down slightly based on party size.
        Sharpen
          Smallish damage-dealt increase.
        Harden
          Smallish damage-taken decrease.
        Weakness
          Curses all enemies to deal slightly less damage.
        Frailty
          Curses all enemies to expire slightly early at 10% rather than 0%.
        Heroism
          Significant damage / speed buff, but VERY expensive.
        Barrier
          Prevents up to X total damage taken by the party within the next Y seconds.
        




Races
  Human
    Can use some magic.
    MP refills fully after each encounter, but only enough MP for a very small number of at-level spells.
    (Balance notes) Make sure the spells are powerful enough to merit their use, but not so powerful that they outshine the Force class.
  Elf
    Can use some magic, and gets access to more spells than humans.
    Two MP bars. The first MP bar is smaller, and only holds enough MP for a very small number of at-level spells. (100% more than Humans.)
    The second MP bar is slowly consumed to refill the first MP bar while it is below 33%.
    The first MP bar fully refills after each encounter.
    The second MP bar is considered a depletable resource.
  Android
    Increased max HP.
    Max HP does not deplete when refilling HP after battle, instead, this consumes Energy.
    No magic.
    Instead, has a depletable resource: Energy.
    The "spell casting" mode toggle is replaced with an "overclock" mode toggle.
    Overclock Mode
      Attack speed increased.
      All attacks deal increased damage, but cost Energy.
      Ranged attacks can be used while ammo is empty, but cost more Energy.
      Movement speed increased, but Energy drains while moving.
      Damage taken reduced, but damage prevented in this way consumes Energy.
      Overclock mode ends and is unavailable when Energy is empty.